Okay, I'm back in the Swagger Editor and
what I wanna show you, in this video, is
some of the abilities that we can use to
generate code right from this. So, if we
come up here to generate server, we can
see the number of different programming
languages here, and everything from ASP,
which I don't know why anybody writes in
ASP. But anything from that to Erlang, which
is kind of interesting stuff. Nodejs,
Python, PHP, Spring is an option. So you
can see all these different options of
code that we can download. And I was
using this just seems like a couple
weeks ago, and I looked at the Spring
code that I generated, and right now,
click on that and nothing is
happening. But we can't generate clients
so you can see a number of client codes.
So, these are gonna be stubs that we can
use. So, if we wanted to do something in
Python, let's say, we could download that
and we can see that brings down a zip
file of a pre-configured Python library.
And I'm not a Python developer, so I'm
not even gonna go through that. But
unfortunately, the Spring option is not
working, but I do wanna demonstrate
this to you. And if you go back to switch
to previous editor, this is a previous
version of the editor, you can see some
things have definitely changed. I'm not
using pet-store. Now we're using a Uber
API, which kind of it could be, kind of,
fun to go through and see what's going
on there. But here, we can come in and
generate a Spring server side component
and download that, and you can see that I
already did that a little bit ago. And
I'm gonna go into that project. And let's
do a code review of the code that's been
generated by Swagger. I'm sorry that
this is on an older version of Swagger.
The newer version was working, but it's
pretty pretty darn similar but I want to
come through and take a look at that. So,
I've got the Maven POM open right now.
And you can see that it's on Java 1.7
and the 1.4 release of Spring
Boot. So, I think
at the time of writing, we're on 1.5.9
if I remember right, as the
mainstream released for the Spring 1.4
series. You can see it's pretty simple
POM. Bring us down spring-boot-starter-web,
Tomcat, and here's a friend, springfox,
for the Swagger documentation. So pretty
pretty lean. But let's take a look at the
configuration. Just have a pretty simple
home mapping. Then, it sets up the API
documentation, that's for the Spring Fox
stuff to generate our Swagger
documentation here. But let's take a
little bit closer look at the API. So
here's our EstimatesApi, and what they're
doing here, you can see that it's setting
up the API documentation using
Spring Fox. So, we get a lot of mapping
there. And then, they are creating a
interface, and this is a coding style
that I don't particularly like. And this
comes from experience with Spring.
Generally, it is very good practice to
code to an interface. Here, they are
creating an interface for a controller.
It's pretty unusual in Spring
development that I would ever inject
that controller into something. So,
providing an interface here doesn't make
a lot of sense. But if you've been
following along in this course, you know
that I often do code to interfaces. But
it's usually in a case where I have a
component that I'm gonna be injecting
in. So if I have a controller that
depends on a service, that is gonna have
business logic in it. Yes, I create an
interface for that service so I can run
my tests easily against things like
Mocks and have different versions of
that services, if I need it.
So you can see that this is fairly well
decorated with annotations for both
Spring and the Swagger Documentation
through Spring Fox. Let's take a quick
look at this. You can see it's generated code
and it gives us a stub of the controller,
so this would get picked up by Spring.
Get wired up as a controller, this would
probably run. I'm not going to go through
all that, but you can see that this just
gives us a stub. There's nothing there.
There's no logic there.
So, like our HistoryApiController, its
just gonna return back okay. So, there's
no data that's gonna be provided by that.
This gives us a like a jumping-off point,
where we could take this and start
developing and put like develop the
whole back-end, develop a service layer,
the repositories, the entities, that were
gonna persist into the database. We'd be
responsible for that. But, we have a very
nicely generated set of code API
documentation. So if we develop this API,
we can give it to one team, like if we
had a UI team, like okay, code to this, and
we are gonna go code to this on the
backend, and you can divide and conquer
up the work pretty quickly. One last
thing, I might take a look at is the
model.
So, you can see here that it actually is
going through and setting up the Jackson
stuff. So overall, I mean, this is a
real. For generated code ,this is a fairly
nice. So, they did a nice job with
the code generation on this. So,
I could see using this to really jumpstart
a project, if I was comfortable with
documenting in the Swagger UI. So, just
as a recap, this is a documentation that
it created. So this gives us a fairly
robust API specification. A lot of
information about what's going on in
this RESTful type API, and it was just a
click of the button to go ahead and
download that Spring Application. So from
that, we generated a lot of code, but now,
we have a pretty clear contract that
multiple developers could use. So,
Swagger is a really powerful project, and
you can see that what they are trying to
do here, as far as being language
agnostic, it looks like they're really
accomplishing it. So, kudos to the Swagger
team, you will see this used a lot. I am
now employed again for a pretty exciting
startup, and personally, I am working with
a major financial institution. They just
stood up some new RESTful APIs, and I
think, fortune 10 type company, and maybe
fortune 20. But their team are able to
provide us Swagger documentation and
some very clear contract for us to use.
So, definitely a great tool here to be
using.